Don't even think about the president
Hurry up and take the headquarters master away
I'll block him first
Another one to die
It turned out to be the seventh floor of the dragon mirror
We all have to die today
Then see if you have the ability.
How dare you pretend to be courting death?
This is about prestige.
This is the strength that only great power and tranquility can have
When did he become so powerful?
Who else wants to try it now?
Don't you have some three-legged cat kung fu?
I can kill you standing with one finger
Dashan also hopes that you can avenge me
Kill those bastards
Ye Feifan, you bastard
How dare you resist
If Lord Jinglong makes a move, you will die
Hurry up and kneel down and apologize to Jinglong God of War
You think with your identity
Can you still fight against Jinglong Warriors?
Lord Jinglong still wants to make a move
Kill this bastard
Do you dare to try with me?